I am married to a gorgeous husband called Mark in Ambulenad.
We got married 2014 to September the 5th 2014.
It was the best day of my life I could think of.
A lot of people turned up, Mark's family turned up.
Glad in a way that my family didn't turn up because I didn't want them there.
Basically, it was a very emotional time of day because I absolutely broke into tears and whatever because it was an emotional day.
Mark's family broke into tears as well.
We've got our emotional and upset.
Some of my friends were upset on the day because of me getting married.
Happy, upset?
Happy.
How did Mark propose?
With a wedding ring.
With a wedding ring?
Yeah.
Did he plan?
What happened?
We got married in a posh hotel in a...
I can't remember the name of the place but I don't think the hotel's there anymore.
I think it's closed down or somebody's overtaken it.
Basically, we stayed in a hot tub and the hot tub was absolutely out of this world.
We were in the hot tub fully naked and we were both absolutely pissed out of our heads.
I meant we were drunk.